breaking: disallow binding to component exports in runes mode (#11238)
sveltejs/svelte: sites/svelte-5-preview/src/routes/docs/content/03-appendix/02-breaking-changes.md

Some breaking changes only apply once your component is in runes mode.

### Bindings to component exports are not allowed

> In runes mode, bindings to component exports are not allowed. For example, having `export const foo = ...` in component `A` and then doing `<A bind:foo />` is a runtime error. Use `bind:this` instead, e.g. `<A bind:this={a} />` and then do `a.foo`. This change was done to make things easier to reason about - it's now clear without looking into the component to know that all bindings except `bind:this` are always for component properties.

Reviewer: Same ambiguity as above — it's not totally clear whether it's the parent or child that is affected by runes mode

```suggestion
Exports from runes mode components cannot be bound to directly. For example, having `export const foo = ...` in component `A` and then doing `<A bind:foo />` causes an error. Use `bind:this` instead — `<A bind:this={a} />` — and access the export as `a.foo`. This change makes things easier to reason about, as it enforces a clear separation between props and exports.
```
